for one
a two a you know what to do
this be an empty world without the blues
[Music]
i try to take that emptiness and fill it
up with something
but they want to call me mother blues
that's all right with me it don't hurt
none
red outside where's the uh the horn
player
i got a friend come on lily you rehearse
like everybody else i'm gonna get me a
bad and make me
some records i know how to play real
music not this jug man
nicole that's playing music i know what
i'm doing going to find me i don't care
when i got there they began
that's to get the people's attention
that's when you and slow drag come in
with the rhythm part
me and cutler play on the break
the sooner you understand it and what
you say is what my state account
we'll be ready to go in 15 minutes we're
ready to go madam says we're ready to go
and that's the way it go around here
these records are going to be hit he's
come home to
me every coming man in the world got to
do his part
i'm going to tell the white man just
what he can
they do care nothing about me all they
want
is my voice about them songs i give you
they're not the right songs but i'll
take them off your hands for you
i got my time coming to me you don't
know nothing about what kind of blood i
got what kind of heart i got beat here
wonderful we got that boys
[Music]
you